not necessarily but I should do it next
looks like she is getting guard so maybe
I'll go help her if I can't can I give
this to what are you working on right
now with this dog just using the table
to isolate kind of not walking for to
Bob is so tall it's hard yeah he's got
so much reward for sitting now it's it's
confusing on them to even get out of the
sit catch so by changing variable bring
the dog up low higher now the dog
doesn't mind do this
make sure he's really sitting before you
before you go to Sandy wasn't exactly he
still got to me he's not really offering
that I would want I'd want the back legs
to really make sure that it's sturdy I
need them yes he's thinking up the belt
which is a start but as you do this more
I would start me personally start
demanding a little bit more weight you
going on new you okay so now you see
that worked out the position you might
try to capture just the back as you do
this more just after the back legs
really going backwards yes but find that
point where he doesn't keep walking back
yeah you're trying to find that golden
medium where he doesn't walk back but he
does want to get a more security Harry
okay
also you're going underneath and then
your hand is dropping really far down so
just go underneath them and then don't
move your hand down
better but now you backed up a little
bit to them right
so don't maybe don't go into it from so
much oh right there do you think he's
keep keeping them like that because he
knows he's gonna sit right away again so
right you've done so many of these yeah
it's not worth it for him to stand up
like all the way because he offered it
right he like you knew what was coming
right so this time they do is stand with
them and then release move around like
move on the table a little bit so it
doesn't think immediately this you know
that do another stand and and release
don't do something else good or Bob do a
stand okay I'd rather go from a stand
into a down and it's it to dinner
now do you sit down good as you rewarded
do you get reward for the sit and down
reward for all of them now how would you
get him to do a stand from there would
you lure him forward or when you get
into hop up and back that's how I like
to teach it but find out what you
actually better than okay go down again
[Music]
if it does again let's stop we're doing
too much either either call it or go
stand with Mr Colley
that's good call it